[Docs] Describe how action works and depends on each other (#5386)
DevExpress/testcafe: docs/articles/documentation/guides/basic-guides/select-page-elements.md

</html>
```

> The expression, associated with a selector is evaluated when this selector is used, not when it is declared. If page's content changes, subsequent selectors are reevaluated.

Reviewer: > If page's content changes, subsequent selectors are reevaluated.

It's not true. 

`If page's content changes, the selector can point to another element or there is no element satisfied the selector`.

Author: edited

> The expression, associated with a selector is evaluated when this selector is used, not when it is declared. If page's content changes, subsequent selectors are reevaluated reactively.

Reviewer 2: > reactively

Andrey wrote 'reactively' but I don't really understand why it's needed and what it means

> The selector's value evaluates when you call this selector, not when you declare it. If the page's contents change since you've declared the selector, it can point to another element or none.

Reviewer 3: Do you mean:

`The selector value is evaluated when you call the selector, not when you declare it. If the page content changes because you declared the selector, it may point to another element, or no element.`

Author: No, changes on the page are unrelated to the selector declaration. 

The selector value is evaluated when you call this selector, not when you declare it. If the page content changes since you've declared the selector **(by the time you call it)**, it can point to another element or no element.

Declare selector -> page **changes** -> use selector

said **changes** might influence selector value but are not caused by it.

If my version is misleading or unclear, please advise

Reviewer 3: Okay. Is it technically correct to say:

`The selector value is evaluated when you call this selector, not when you declare it. If the page content changes after you have declared the selector, it may point to another element, or no element.`

Author: Yes, edited

```js
test('Click a button', async t => {
    const buttons = Selector('button').withText("A button number");

    await t
        .click(buttons.nth(0))
        .click(buttons.nth(0))
        .click(buttons.nth(0))
});
```

```html
<html>
    <body>
        <div>
        <button onclick= "this.textContent= 'Pressed';">A button number 1</button>
        <button onclick= "this.textContent= 'Pressed';">A button number 2</button>
        <button onclick= "this.textContent= 'Pressed';">A button number 3</button>
        </div>
    </body>
</html>
```

> This sample page includes three buttons. When clicked, buttons' text changes. During the test, each [`.click`](../../../documentation/reference/test-api/testcontroller/click.md) affects what element the next selector points to. All 3 buttons receive clicks as a result.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This sample page includes three buttons. When clicked, the button text changes. During the test, each [`.click`](../../../documentation/reference/test-api/testcontroller/click.md) affects the next element to which the selector points. All three buttons receive clicks as a result.
```

await t.expect(listAngular.testProp).eql(1);
```

> For more information, refer to the [plugin repository](https://github.com/DevExpress/testcafe-angular-selectors/blob/master/angular-selector.md).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For more information, refer to the following page: [GitHub Plugin Repository](https://github.com/DevExpress/testcafe-angular-selectors/blob/master/angular-selector.md).
```

});
```

> You can use a [client function](obtain-client-side-info.md) to obtain a single element property from the client. In this case, you should pass the selector to client function's [dependencies](../../reference/test-api/clientfunction/constructor.md#optionsdependencies) option.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can use a [client function](obtain-client-side-info.md) to obtain a single element's property from the client. In this instance, pass the selector to the client function's [dependencies](../../reference/test-api/clientfunction/constructor.md#optionsdependencies) option.
```

});
```

> > Selector's property getters and client functions are asynchronous. If you need their resulting value in your code, use the `await` keyword.

Reviewer 3: `Selector's property getters and client functions are asynchronous.`
What is a property "getter"? Is this a widely-used technical term?

`If you need their resulting value in your code, use the `await` keyword.`
Is a single value or multiple values?

Author: 1. Yes, getter is a widely-used programming term. It describes a function that is used to obtain a property

2. Each getter and each client function return one value. However, a selector can have multiple getters.

Does this work better:

> Client functions and selector's property getters are asynchronous. If you need their resulting values in your code, use the `await` keyword.

Reviewer 3: I see. So, are we adding the resulting values to our code? For example:

`Client functions and selector property getters are asynchronous. If you need to add their resulting values to your code, use the await keyword.`

Or maybe "include"?

`Client functions and selector property getters are asynchronous. If you need to include their resulting values in your code, use the await keyword.`

Author: We use the value rather than add or include it.

I'd say:
> Client functions and selector property getters are asynchronous. If you need to utilize their resulting values in your code, use the await keyword.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
> Client functions and selector property getters are asynchronous. If you want to use their resulting values in your code, use the `await` keyword.
```

>
> However, you can omit `await` when you pass a selector property or a client function value into an [assertion](assert.md). In this instance, TestCafe uses its [Smart Assertion Query Mechanism](assert.md#smart-assertion-query-mechanism) to wait until the value is available. This makes your tests more stable.

> ### Get a Page Element Using Custom Logic

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Use Custom Logic to Get a Page Element
```

> Sometimes CSS selectors are not powerful enough to identify the page element.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
CSS selectors are sometimes not powerful enough to identify the page element.
```

> In this instance, you can introduce a function that picks the desired element.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In this instance, you can introduce a function that selects the desired element.
```

CSS selectors passed to the [Selector](../../reference/test-api/selector/constructor.md) constructor cannot identify elements in the shadow DOM.

> To select a shadow element, initialize a selector with client-side code and use the [shadowRoot](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Element/shadowRoot) property to get and return the element from shadow DOM.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To select a shadow element, initialize a selector with client-side code and use the [shadowRoot](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Element/shadowRoot) property to get and return the element from the shadow DOM.
```

### Check if an Element is Available

> Generally speaking, introducing conditions in tests is not considered good practice because it indicates that your tests are non-deterministic.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
It is not good practice to introduce conditions in tests, because it indicates that your tests are non-deterministic.
```

> The tested website should guarantee that the test writer knows the page state at any moment. In this case, you need no conditions in test code.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The tested website should guarantee that the test writer knows the page state at any given moment. In this instance, you do not need to include conditions in test code.
```

### Enumerate Elements Identified by a Selector

> Another common case is creating a selector that matches multiple elements to perform actions on every one of them.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Another common case is when you create a selector that matches multiple elements - to perform actions on each element.
```

> The following example clicks through a number of check boxes on the example page.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following example clicks through a number of check boxes on the sample page.
```

### Have a different use case?

> If none of the examples fit your requirements and you experience difficulties, let us know on StackOverflow.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If none of the examples fit your requirements and you experience issues, let us know on StackOverflow.
```
